# Sixth meeting 

I am presenting finished preprocessing and ontology.

[Presentation](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1t5npUp1rF1iwD4QQV67rUZHbZWvvnAhYiGQMgVBXRnE/edit?usp=sharing)

[Ontology](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1N9_UtjzDTD-Q6J0-hdDeMXK66I2S6v61/view?usp=drive_link)
